dude didn't do Lenny Clarke that's right
how are you brother Joe I gotta tell you
let me stop by say thank you my question
I I can't believe the amount of people
that stopped me since I did you park
here could you ask me
couple years ago I didn't know podcast
was so I did that from the moment I left
here I went down to Venice Beach guys
were watching the podcast in the car
everywhere I go for the captains of
industry
the homeless guy tear their habits
Gregor's nine o'clock I saw in Rogan
podcast you're awesome and of course
guys almost kind of go how did you see
it I seen it seen on YouTube yeah you
know the progress of Technology homeless
guys have phones and all oh sure I'm
doing Mary Segal he's trying to rush me
out of studio the other day and I said
wow you know I'm not gonna mention rogue
oh my god you talked about me I'm Rogan
everyone called then he was all excited
so he said say hello home semantics he
said yeah in the morning down yeah in
Boston yeah he ever since back in the
day when I was delivering newspapers
Maddie in the morning was on the radio
he said listen to him on the radio when
I was on my paper out him and Charles
Locke were there oh the the mattress
mattress yeah yeah and then Mike polenta
yeah who passed away yes she didn't I
want to see him a week before he was at
the Mass General I want him Tony you
know Adam laughing and then I said do
you have the 80s no so I'll kiss you
good-bye I said well I love you man but
I'm not ever a trip with you hey he was
so he did the five have after five
funnies yeah blew up comedy I mean every
time I did that show Ohio he was a great
great guy and then they also had the
comedy riot WBZ comedy run exactly are
you yeah yeah yeah radio this this
though is the doing this is like Qasim
was 20 years ago that's how big it is I
mean I mean really people from all walks
of life why especially the kids Magnum
the millenials I don't even know what
they have but they love the show man
when it comes after the Millennials
what's the new wife just grabbing about
Generation X I didn't like that what are
you I don't know a baby boomer your baby
mama baby boy hopefully 66 am i right
great well not bad for 60 Jews right
oh thanks you basically all the coke and
ball okay fucking ticket I think I'm
gonna donate the body to science just so
I can see saved the others should I run
some tests on ya know what thought I'd
make it past 25 your era was such a
great era of stand-up but we've talked
about that so many times but you guys in
the fucking 80s really before I came
along because I came along in 88 and you
guys before I came along
you were fucking partying hard oh you
know Joe it was like you could do
whatever you wanted yeah come we started
comedy in Boston so there were no rules
and if there were any rules we'd break
the rules and we made up our own rules
and that's right like today you see how
it is that today I really enjoy working
theaters but the clubs you know the
other day this person had come I hate
people say he's so good with hecklers
you know why cuz I hate them I don't
want to deal with them I want to do the
show I want to create I want to mix em
but they say throw your getting going
and they breaking them and you say shit
that you owe and they start crying yeah
yeah okay I approach I'm sorry to know
plane had a guy I did a I think for Dana
Farber the other night raised more money
than they ever met race it was great it
was an old thing with a saint a farmer
dana farber
it's cancer cancer research you know
it's like the Jimmy Fund and stuff like
that so that's why I said sure I'll do
it so it was nice it was big event the
Mandarin Oriental fantastic liberating
and this guy comes out to Vegas you know
everyone likes you but I hate you I want
to rip your face off it I go hey it's
nice to meet you too right so he grabs
my water I go you can have it I walk
away to take a picture so I come back
and he says you want I go you can have
it now you you know I don't know why
people like you but I hate you and I'm
gonna rip your face up like oh yeah yeah
I said we had this conversation so not
people however hey Lenny can we talk get
the fuck away from City screaming at
people yes you you attacked my father on
stage twenty years ago on a Thursday
night hit granite like some gone well I
don't remember what I did last Thursday
say hi to your father
he's dying oh hey man I had nothing to
do it I've been
guy wasn't they eventually had him
exported out by security it was really
wild but I mean yeah you know I mean
look well it shows your hecklers make
weak babies oh man yeah well you know
what makes a dumb kid no don't fuck with
somebody if you're not
I mean happened over 42 years or a
married but MIT two or three times you
know it's a there's a lot of shit I've
covered you're not gonna you know you're
not gonna surprise
it's a Larry's take on you can have that
water I've never had security in my life
you know because I'm a man I still take
the teachers for shits and giggles but I
mean you know Wow crazy
yeah well cuz I'm thinking punch him in
his throat and he'll just drop to his
knees and don't even know what happened
I'll say we need a medic you know get
and then I'm just gonna whispers why
don't you meet me outside ten minutes
I'm gone I can't do that man yeah I was
all dressed nice and oh if you're gonna
punch some of the throat though the
promise sometimes you Nick the chin the
real way to do it is this this with your
hand
yeah just slam that fucking thing in the
throat right in there that's how you do
it if you punch someone in the throat
yeah first first of all you could say I
pushed him away from me right right I
fucked that up now someone's gonna say
but that's how you if you want to hit
someone in the throat yeah and you don't
want to really hurt him you want to get
him the fuck away from you yeah just use
your open hand like that your open hand
just like that it's amazing how much
force you can generate with your head
like that just slam it and you don't
have to wind up but no this is a tender
area it's very vulnerable that's what's
going through my mind well this guy is
screaming at me right like I couldn't
believe it I said Jesus you know yeah
it's unfortunate but there's there's
always gonna be fucking people that are
unhinged oh he's always gonna be people
that can't hang but what's really
amazing Lenny is the amount of shows
that we do how many people keep it
together
yes live show ladies and gentlemen Lenny
Clarke it's all live it's happening you
know this is not some program thing I
don't know where I'm going frankly all
right oh you treat me good I'll treat
you better you
me I'll follow you home me burn your
house tada yeah I just want to make you
laugh I'm money if I have no hidden
agenda about paying the bills you know I
mean yeah yeah because to do stand-up
now is is so much different than before
because the reward you can't say words
you know like you can but know what's
not hey not me I can't know you're
looking at an old white man couple more
years down the road I'll be able to say
whatever I want
it's just elderly right I started paper
the other day some kids beat up this 63
year old guy and it's a big like federal
case against him because he's elderly
I'm 66 you know and I'm not going down
like that guy you know this kid's gonna
be surprised now I go
look I'm elderly you know yeah Jesus
Christ
yeah it's I just I I hope Joe I really
do that this is all a cycle yes yeah yes
either way it's coming around already
yeah yeah I do yeah I think people are
tired of political correctness and they
also realized that it looked there's
there's good aspects to political
correctness right it's good to be kind
to people it's good to be nice
it's not good to shit on the down truck
Oh knowledge down on people that knows
my great eyes I'd rather I'd rather I'd
rather have you as a friend than I
really would because a lot of times you
forget your enemies you you're at a
party gonna oh shit I forgot I fucking
hate you
I'd rather I'd rather you know and
people say well you don't worry what
people think well people think is
usually watch your eyes if you're a dick
the people think you're a dick well I
gotta be a nice guy I've gotten way way
better just lending should go I don't
care I mean holding grudges and wanting
to get back at someone that's nonsense
it's for fools yeah there's people that
they fucking that they'll they grind on
it all day like they'll hate someone and
they just want to talk about that person
all fucking day and they're all it's
always a waste of time it's a waste of
time doesn't do you any good no no let
it go let it go as as you get older I've
got quite a few years
I'm I'm in that thing now because
someone told me holding a grudge is like
drinking poison and want the other
person to die yeah yep I don't have time
for that I got I got other problems with
that quotas for jealousy but they but it
applies with both things yeah it's the
bold things it's foolish it's like look
I want people to get if you and me have
a dispute I'd like you to get over it
I'd like to get over it too I'm not into
like having enemies for life those
people that want enemies for life they
don't know what a real enemy is I know
you don't know what a real enemy is you
just you've your paper tiger you're
making you're just talking this is
nonsense like real enemies they want to
kill you yeah you don't want to kill me
I don't want to kill you so let's just
stop yeah like it's a push that's a push
it's most most disputes look we're all
different at different points in the day
at different times in our life you know
you catch me and I just gotten some sort
of a fucking dispute with somebody and
then I'm in my car I'm gonna behave very
differently then if I just got a hug
from my kids
and then I get in my car you know I mean
yes everybody's different at different
points and I like you might have just
got fired you might have just come out
some yeah someone's having a bad day you
met them on a bed yeah yeah and I
usually am more than willing to give
people have been fed up shy people are
often misunderstood yep and and I've
learned that I learned that thirty years
ago
if someone's shy it's not that they're
they just they're shy they're afraid
they'd be from it yeah and give them the
benefit of doubt you know don't hate so
much because they're afraid to say ah
yeah yeah yeah it's uh you know people
deal with all kinds of different social
issues you know and a lot of people that
hold grudges and they're angry what
they're really doing is they're
distracting themselves from their own
failures you know that's really what
they're doing instead of this is I've
said that I said this one of the last
podcast but I'll repeat it because it's
very important the way I look at life is
I have bandwidth I have like a hunts say
I got a hundred points I don't have any
points for anybody I don't care about I
don't have any time for that I don't
have time for things that I care and the
people care about the people that I love
that's what I have time for and those
other things if I have to deal with them
I deal with them and then as soon as I
can get them out of my head
I'm gone I have a hundred points of
bandwidth and that those 100 points I'd
like to use 100 of them on things that I
love and things that I care about and
that's it positive and that's how you
get by in life and that's how you become
successful because if you spend your
time you know thirty percent of your
time wondering and pondering shit you
don't like that unless you're making
comedy out of it that is going to fail
you it's going to cost you because
you're 70 percent now you only have 70
percent for the good stuff
it's not going to be as good as a
hundred percent you're not gonna do as
good with your comedy you're not gonna
do as good as whatever the fuck you do
if you're a sculptor or a painter you're
making music you know a certain amount
art requires a certain amount I think
some art requires a certain amount of
angst and and an uncomfortable feeling
and just something that allows you to
dig deep into your emotions and create
something and sometimes out of anger and
hate you can get some fucking amazing
comedy my best FF oh yes but you gotta
treat it like that like I don't don't
bring it home with you I don't carry it
around
I mean like a bad show when I first
started I upset for a weekend now it's
like you know by the time it's acog oh I
love this song oh it still bothers me
that's my number one problem really if I
fuck up on state even if I fuck up one
bit and get a standing ovation right
that one bit will fucking haunt me I
will go home by myself sitting in front
of the TV and just go fuck just fucking
shit and then I'll just write it out
again I'll practice it again oh um you
know all of you know long will you stick
with a bit that to you is very funny but
it's not working for the crowd
oh that's a problem that's a problem I
had a bit that I was doing for a while
about the Second Coming project mm-hmm
the Second Coming project was a group of
people back in the day when genetics
when they first started you know
applying genetic research and their what
they were gonna do is these people
wanted to take samples of tissue from
what they the Shroud of Turin they
thought it came off the face of Jesus
they found out later through carbon
testing that it was really only a couple
hundred years old but when these people
before they lose face
come off the demo that's me I'm really
proud of Jeff I didn't notice right
Jenna was fair yeah Google that Google
the Shroud of Turin they did a test on
it I think I think it turned out to just
only be a few hundred years old
anyway what they were gonna try to do is
they were gonna try to take DNA from
that and then clone Jesus and so the bid
I had was that you know with Dolly the
sheep right they they tried to clone
Dolly the sheep launched at times right
like it wasn't like as simple as the
first time they did it it worked out I'm
like what if they cloned Jesus and he
comes back with some birth defects like
what do they do they kill him then start
from scratch do they do it again like
what if Jesus like what if they cloned
Jesus neons Down syndrome so I had this
whole bit about Jesus with Down syndrome
and then instead of a cross he had a
hockey helmet and then like like but the
power or like he would turn dog shit in
the cookies like he had like he instead
of turning water into wine right it was
a terrible bit but I thought it was so
funny
for a few months I hope a few months
yeah I'm just trying to figure out a way
I'm down to like three shots I tried
three shots it's not working and yet
when you would friends funny friends
people you hang out with you'll say oh
my god you should use a cousin that
doesn't work well sometimes you just
gotta let it go and put it aside and
then come back to it later and then come
back to it fresh eyes yeah sometimes but
you know Chris Rock you know that bit
that he had for years he had this bit
there's black people then there's the
n-word right you know that bit he said
he bombed with that bit for like a
fucking year he couldn't get it to work
right people get mad at him he would buy
and then it became one of the greatest
bits of all time yeah yeah because he
stuck with it and he figured it out and
he worked at it but you know he's a
craftsman yeah yeah he's a guy go over
his material and it running it by other
comics right and they'll work on it I
mean that's one of the greatest bits of
all time and it he stuck through it
because he just knew there was something
there right I mean there's those two
it's like it's hard it's hard to I knew
that the second coming project was never
gonna be one of those though
it was just too fucked up but I remember
I did a one tight at the Comedy Store
and some lady goes next subject oh my
god yelled out oh god I hate you
she was screaming at me not subject I'll
never forget that lady and I started
laughing when she said it was which was
not and worse I got I got an old lady
story but we lived at the barracks
there's 14 comedians living in that
place in how it's cry don't know if you
ever came by because that was pretty
nice my barracks the barracks was an
apartment that Mike and I had and we
always uh God was a tease you know in
the beginning you know when one stands a
little probably before my day oh yeah
eighty-eight dog sorry if I like you
saying my Clark yeah yeah yeah right so
we had this house and it was like three
or four bedrooms and Kenny Rogers his
room which was like a closet with his
sheet over when you're first it's the
sperm room and Kenny look we had the
rent was one hundred sixty five dollars
a month the man's name was wing-wang and
we were working at the dingo for Shirley
so 165 bucks between sometimes ten guys
we didn't have it blowing it all right
so now every comedian who came in from
out of town they don't have to get a
hotel you just go by the back so it was
a key under the mat at the end it was
like eleven keys under the mat but there
was this old lady next door in the third
floor problem we would rage all night I
would break windows I just love the
sound of breaking glass we have a window
guy on call people say it's freezing
money I'll call the window guy here I
just love the SPRO thing i'm sweeney
duck and i put a paw through the window
and he's laying in a floor that I go
sweet what's wrong with you I'm just
having fun II just don't talk down to me
I go when you're lying on the floor get
up you know this woman
she told him she goes I say hey I hate
you letting like I ain't I said unless
I'm going through the store you want me
to get you anything and she'd yell at
the top letti o'clock I only live to see
you dead
Oh Joey it's worse so now you know I
said the flowers every now and it and
she'd throw them off the balcony I don't
want you up like I want you dead
so she ends up getting murdered Oh No
like cut up and like the capitate oh
yeah yeah so so the cops come to the
house one day and I'm laying in my bed
puking in a bucket and Rogerson comes in
anyway said did you murder the lazy and
so I sent ago no yes okay you can come
in we don't think we're gonna ask you
questions but where were you last second
ago I don't remember I go but I but I
know I got here later they worked out I
was at the thing and then when hung out
with after hours and I don't know where
was but then I get home but you know
that woman get yeah I don't think they
ever saw the case but it definitely was
me because I was too lazy to watch Kings
three flights of stairs we stuff we just
had police cars parked in her her
pockets but she'd have a cop but we'd
have the paddy wagon parked down below
being always crazy so you have the cops
come and party we yeah yeah yeah yeah
most of them got let thrown off some
forty never solved they never saw that
case as far as I know you know there was
a guy that I used to train with who got
arrested I don't know if you remember
this case but they they were they took
this guy and they were breaking his
bones with a hammer and then injecting
with cocaine to keep him awake cuz he
was he was blacking out from the pain oh
and they cut his hands off they cut his
head off they cut everything off and
this dude that I knew got arrested for
it and when I asked him about it he knew
something like it was one of those
things where like you know you ask
someone like I go they arrested you I go
why would they arrest you and it was
like this I don't know I don't know
nothing I was like oh you know something
holy shit I was like oh my god I might
know a fucking serious murderer oh yeah
yeah he went to jail for something else
I forget what he went to jail I knew him
when I was 16 and he went to jail and
then he came out and when he came out
like all his tattoos he had scars all
over all of his tattoos like apparently
tried to burn it's to add twos off in
the joint
he was like just a different person like
his time in jail I guess he was in jail
for like maybe at five years from when I
knew him Wow came out five years later
and started training again before he got
arrested and just super spooky to be
around somebody that you think might
have done that no I
I know of a few murderous that yeah yeah
I mean I didn't know at the time when I
met them but over the years I thought oh
my god well the guy who get the pass
Johnny Martorano
it wasn't sixty minutes he stops it
stopped and shopping and some of all
people go you know Johnny Melanie hey
Lenny I went oh hey Johnny 25 murders
and you know housing out deals you know
I mean he did time he did a lot of time
no he was on 60 how many Jamie to both
kill and he was out the other met in
Arizona I think he's still out yeah he's
out again yeah I mean I got no Bigfoot
so one of my buddies in high school his
name was Bubba good he was the funniest
funniest person I ever met my life
brought out of that one day he stole 12
Corvettes 12 red Corvettes and lined up
outside and in one of the Corvettes
there was a briefcase full of cash and
he went in and he bought the entire
lunch room lunch lunch is on me
oh yeah they lined them up outside crime
is amazing so he he goes to Jay goes to
war boy remember wall post you are is it
okay so we do want to show at Walpole
you know a couple guys ask me you coming
yeah so this is it mr. Clark before you
come in we just wanna let you know if
there's any drugs or drug remnants on
you you're not gonna be released and I
went oh let me change my clothes so I
changed my clothes I went in and I did
the show and it was really so they would
test swab you yeah it was just it was oh
if they've swamped you and they found
coke on your shirt yeah and this is like
35 years ago right so and this was when
Walpole was still maximum-security you
know I mean the worst of the worst so we
go in and I'm with DJ and a couple of
pages
I thinks what are you doing I don't I
think there was a cancer thing and then
he beat that and but I got stories about
but a good guy
oh my god reminded about TJ or French
sister so I'm on stage and I'm thinking
him it bump us in here right there
and he jumps up on stage and I go puppy
goes are you doing it I'm in him at him
on a shoe name
I'm into Danny this is 35 years ago he's
in Walpole under an assumed name
I mean how could that be yeah anyway he
gets out and then he he murders some guy
and he goes back and he's in for a
double life now two murders and I said
to him why did you kill the guy he was
talking shit you know someone to kick
his ass you make them laugh so hard you
couldn't punch him he was that funny and
now he said he's been in for like I want
to visit him but you know they said it's
not a good idea but I'm gonna go for
some old now he's been he's been over 30
years now it's so funny how if you're in
the nightclub business like we are
you're gonna run into people along the
way that have done some horrible shit oh
I think I've shot a guy's head off with
a saw I think a sword
you know like samurai swords and then
throw around the other guys lon I mean
yeah yeah was it there was drugs
involved I mean I remember I don't know
what was crack butt crack butt crack
before crack what was the freebase base
watching his breath let's crack that was
for people with money that was the
Richard Pryor day okay which is a higher
result results the first time I'm I'm
free basing it like an MBTA station in
South Boston and I think Kennison was
yeah Kennison was there and there's this
guy who's wait for life now to remain
nameless but I took a hit and um I'm
passing out I mean I'm so high a passer
and all I could ever say what are we
gonna do with the body I was the last
thing whose body
overdose yeah I thought it was I back
him are you smoking that stuff and
you're taking to stop my own heart
oh because I went to when I finally went
to the doctors and had the atrial
fibrillation all the hotend damage they
did they said what are you thinking was
why no maybe the wait you know cuz I was
almost 400 pounds of nigga I got what
about company said you had to do an
awful lot of coke guys about there's a
small mountain in Peru that's missing
its really let me that much I go oh yeah
oh yeah so yeah I it was insane well
then also if you're getting coke you got
to know people sell coke and I had
people who would bring coke to me you
know my mother said planet don't be very
careful in show business people gonna
try to give you drugs I don't mind I
don't give it in a cell people did give
me drugs I got up dealer said try
Michael don't try Michael Michaels
better just to hang out to be in the
shop you know how it was like being with
rock silence and a lot of rock stars
were with us well people talk about the
days the early days of Boston comedy and
it's it almost sounds fake
because they used to pay you with coke
yeah like I was offered money or coke
right right that's how they would pay
you first god I didn't do coke first
time that happened to me I was in
Sarasota Florida and they go Lenny it's
been a great week you know we over your
$3,000 how about we give you 3 grand or
an ounce of coke and I said well why
don't we do half and half and then that
started my time travel I love Sarasota I
wanted to be Jackie George open and I
ended up in Tampa Tampa from Sarasota is
hundreds and hundreds of miles it's not
close and you drive it evidently time
travel Jackie
whoa God Jesus
you mentioned EJ and what happened him
you know cuz DJ he was really good with
the ladies all you know cuz he played
the guitar they all want I mean he was
sinister looking yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm
ever krumitz play pro captain's chair
over said one night I all stop
by the way somebody broke it - who broke
at French crema took Barry Crimmins took
a captain's chair broke it over DJ's
head yeah why I don't know it made some
shit evidently that was it for fun or
were they angry at each other you know
what no they know wasn't for fun they
were pissed and they were never really
close Terry was so intimidating well you
know what one night a fight broke out
and a guy came at Barry with a knife and
I kicked the knife out of his hand and
Gavin's there with a drink on that was
very well done roll down onto the street
and just kick this shit on and Gavin
comes goes there's like a pic shaiva
not one but two blades like the other
day he's moving to Florida
Gavin yeah yeah gasps moving to Florida
and that we had a little time from and I
said to him hey Don hi how you doing
it's gzhel and you look great I go yeah
well you know I'm I'm trying to get
healthy John and how's your blood
pressure you guys I don't know if I take
my blood pressure like three times a day
now he goes how about you yours you've
taken enough for both of us that guy
still goes hard oh I saw him you had a
drink in his hand was still going hard
it's like sorry Oh funny oh my god it's
so quick so doesn't give a fuck no
doesn't kill teacher yep yeah more
degrees than a thermometer this guy he
was he was a nice guy yes he used to do
blow in the barracks till around 6:30 in
the morning we'd be playing cards and
he'd always want to beat everybody and
he goes I gotta go wait I gotta go to
teach school and he put on his jacket
and now you would you don't believe how
many people come into this yoga it's
Gavin Ian white he was my teacher in
high school
now other people he was my father's
teacher to this day I think he's the
greatest comic that people don't know
about wowed it out by the greatest
common bond I remember seeing him at
stitches thinking I should probably quit
no I should probably quit I'll never be
as good as this guy first night I see
him perform I go man
you were great how long you been doing
this he goes this is my first time here
you're full of shit he goes well nice to
meet you too walked away and we and I
was very jealous that a guy would just
step up to say and be that good and then
we would hang around together and hope
that people would freak out like member
Joe Lasky how could he won't he
sometimes I can't go on and he leave and
me and Gavin were the NHANES if someone
panicked they would be at the back so
Gavin goes let's get fucked up and see
if he cracks under the pressure well he
was so smart
that's why Gavin was so good it's so
many things to talk about and his way of
looking at things was so intelligent
because any you so so did he just he
legitimately didn't give a fuck
so everything was casual like all of his
best punch lines were casual it's a
story that I've never ever told and I
try to be heard maybe 20 million people
I don't give a shit we we went to a show
what one of his buddies was a bartender
at the 99 and one of the guys who worked
there was sick so they asked us to do a
show from a benefit the race of money so
we did and he says jeez I wish I had
money to pay and gamma goes who that
credit card yes well that's someone left
in us we'll take that as payment he goes
so we go we get banged up that night he
goes what's the hottest place in America
right now what's the hottest place in
the paper because they have other Isis
Puerto Rico 90 80 O's will go on the
border he goes that's us
tickets gets us plane tickets and we got
a we had a big bag of ball and we get on
we get it Logan
and we're good boy all night Niels yeah
wholeness and so we land and gaff goes
where's the bubble I go I did it you did
it all I go yeah I don't want to get
busted going through customs that Puerto
Rico's America you idiot
[Music]
we're checking the hotel I was I and I
keep saying from what's my name again
so we're not it for the weekend it's
humbling us just don't draw attention to
us and now I'm off why don't you I said
why because what a phony credit card
through Jesus Napoleon's that's right
darah brag detention so we go to dinner
with your the most famous restaurant
down there and we get the Chateaubriand
for two I've always wanted I didn't even
know what it was but they come out and
they cook it at the table
and I'm sure Facebook everybody you're
probably wondering who's getting that
dish that'd be me right Gav's go and sit
don't draw any attention
because I'm I'll be your captain today
go it's 50 bucks make yourself a general
I said yeah I want to get you this $800
bottle of wine yes no no no that's
drawing attention why don't we get to
three bottles $300 I wanna go are you so
smart right so anyway
and he puts up with me he's loose so he
loses a bunch gambling right and I have
I'm throwing my money away on tips I'm a
big tipper like whatnot
so he goes like a bad nose you guys what
they shut off the credit cards I go what
he goes yeah there's no way for us to
get back and I go oh oh why don't you
take what money you've got left and go
down and try to win some and send me
back to Boston then I'll why your money
cuz you know I'm good for all the money
back then we need he goes why should I
send you and I go cuz you you're like
the second greatest con man of Olivia's
who's the first I said Jim Rockford he
goes Rockford he's not even a real
person Rockford Files so Gamco stay here
so I barricade myself in the room there
was a big computer that made drinks was
the Korean Hilton I think yeah yeah I
wasn't with and you could push buttons
and it would make all different drinks I
drank that empty right against the door
Gavin goes let me add a smidgen I got us
two tickets I go yeah I finally fell
asleep because I was a nervous wreck
so we fly out and get was so he got
money gambling he got money gambling it
and I don't know how he did it I didn't
ask but he got us both back to the boss
and he says I'm never going anywhere
with you ever again and but the thing
was second-greatest commented or
he's not even real anything oh god
that's he was brilliant camera was what
year was this well she's just had to be
87 88 god oh
I mean think of that we're going to the
hottest place we almost went to
Venezuela
thank God what time of year was this it
was the fall okay so starting at sucky
yeah yeah yeah what's known yet oh right
thing you know I used to think that it
was bad to that weather but now I think
it makes better people
I really do make stuff up yes yeah but I
get a tiny resilient yeah but I'm you
know you ever what you're away from me
you don't live that I mean three years
three years ago we had like 10 feet of
snow in three days yeah you know people
jumping up that their flow windows just
to get out of the house yeah I wanted I
want to get away from no I get it I
don't want to live there no I don't want
to live there but I think growing up
there did me a lot of good well you know
what there's a lot of advantages to be
it does make you a tougher person more
resilient and they have the best
education the best doctors I mean it's
an educational Boston is excellent and
Amana medical I mean anyone with money
who gets sick yeah you know go to
Burbank they fly it to the mga there's
more colleges per capita in the Boston
area than anywhere in the country
absolutely the thing about it though is
I couldn't get into any of them when
you're in the cold there's something
about there's like a certain camaraderie
that everybody shares when you're stuck
yeah sucks you have people yeah push out
an elderly couple and then you'll hang
on the pump stay drive away that shit
I've never done any of that around here
around here I'm like if you got a flat
tire you fucking figure it out it's warm
out you yeah you can call somebody back
east they'll come quicker than your
neighbor if he is out here for 12 years
yeah your story out here is one of the
most horrific stories about what can
happen if you get a crooked agent oh you
know I've told many guys a story oh you
know we talk about murder you're very
lucky that you didn't want a murder in
your agent I knew where his kids went to
school I knew you know I knew where he
was
well tell everybody what happened I
think you might have talked about this
before but I saw this podcast
yeah I I became I became like really big
vision show
yeah tell them I shall named after me
see this is like what ninety three
ninety ninety nine yeah it happened so
long ago I think they're gonna colorize
it
Joey's other things I can't find I mean
I have like the VHS of it someplace you
know but you can't go on YouTube and
find Linux you know there was seventeen
Lenny seventeen or eighteen lemmings and
the show was the the highest-rated show
since all in the family
on CBS it was a great show it was a
great show I've that an amazing cast and
the guy who played my father Eugene
Roche
he just chopped me everything I never
acted am I caught the perfect wave the
Roseanne way Kim all those guys were
getting soccer moms and you got one too
I was my show started the Sifl started
and Seinfeld didn't have a great first
year right we had a great first year we
were doing amazing and then the first
Gulf War broke out and that that killed
me you know Lenny will not be seen
tonight so we can bring in the war in
the Gulf and then when they brought me
back there was the the World Series no
Lenny was admitted for the World Series
and then they changed me from from I
forget one night I was on but they
brought me to find that of a Friday
night so which is like that death the TV
and you know when I went from having
everything you know I mean I had a
mansion in the marina
you know a Playboy model wife who
happened to be a coke dealer I mean what
could go wrong and then this guy they
said you need an agent and I guess I'm
on Seinfeld and Leno's agent and the guy
at the time was both both of those guys
were with him and he would be getting
it's a you want Seinfeld will hire this
guy he wants Leno hire this guy well I
was that guy and if they were having
rich or Jenny who he was a monster moms
he was a monster console and maybe
they'd be hiring him to open open for me
and this new guys you know I mean why
work if you don't have to I mean yeah I
would he'd make me work my ass off you
Jenny was one of the greatest of all
time is nothing are that people forgot
about I sing his praises on this podcast
all the
credibly fine and I could along with him
he was a nice guy you know I mean we
always hit it off you know and he would
but he was a monster comic man he was
somebody I don't think I'm funny in
anything I'm insane and I've made my
money being insane I got no problem with
that you know cuz anyone goes oh it's
funny it was file you know it's funny
the new asian kid coming up you better
watch your back oh oh there no Indian
get cuz it's all everything's new watch
out for the new guy I don't care yo I
get all be funny I just want to act now
I don't want it doesn't matter how often
you doing stand-up these days yeah I
deal with the pay the bills you know I
work I work then giggles you know I work
giggles at least once a mic cuz you
can't walk away no you lose you're fast
you lose if you lose you're fat yeah
yeah you will you know and I mean I do I
do a lot of charity work and I do that
because what made my parents happy and
it's the right thing to do you know plus
I told hot for the Mass General and
they've kept me alive over the years you
know what I really that's the truth Joe
you know do you remember
Eastside comedy club in Long Island yes
yes Richard Jeni was there one weekend
and they said he did four different
hours he shows Friday to show Saturday
they said he'd never repeated a joke
yeah and we were all sitting around it
was me and Joey Cola and a cup of the
comics because look at the jungle
looking at the ground shaking her head
going what fuck yeah Wow
yeah how does he do it and it was all a
stuff a you know it wasn't like I do two
different hours in one night and enjoy
this yeah yeah but it was all a stuff
agent craftsman he was she was rocked by
the way him and rock worked on a lot of
Chris Rock's earlier specials he worked
with Richard Jeni no kidding yeah
Richard Cheney would like they were
tighten up bits together yeah at the
Apollo did a lot would ask me if I was a
great job he's a fantastic writer and
any and he he gets in trouble all the
time just for writing great stuff yeah
you know and oh you know he's always not
get him Nick is always not given the
phone no he's always had that Africa
fuck out of here he's always had that
and it kills me I mean it's just what's
up with people go I'm offended you know
what I'm offended that you're offended
so I raise you be an offender
fuck you why was that you happy with
that I remember when I first saw Nick at
stitches I made me excited because here
was this guy who look like a football
player
yeah handsome football player back he's
thick had a full jet black hair good
looking good great looking guy but
drives funny as shit oh you don't have
to be a nerd to be a comedian
oh so but I mean growing up in Boston
that was a really good thing to learn
because you guys like you and Sweeney
and Kevin Knox is his big fucking men
big men but we're at nerds and people
would say sir what an imposing line now
Kevin Knox you you know but people he
used to come in said a ding ho open mic
night and we put on like 40 people on
here and one night someone brought in a
big bag of blow and I said to her not
yes just listen you're up next he goes I
can't he'd be in every week would with a
couple of broads he had his own table
was like a condo table his table and he
just loved comedy and I said hey man
you're up next he goes I've never done I
said just cover me for anyone and he
never looked back and he got him better
and Betty had the long flowing hair and
a tennis star I mean it was a full
instructor yeah he had what's called
like a mullet or mullet yeah but it was
even more than a mullet it was flow it
was a fan on him at all times the air
was flowing and he was that first guy
that I knew that was a comic that was
like really in his health he was always
hogging oh yeah I saw him and taking
vitamins you know yeah speaking the
health how are you doing I'm great did
you have a shoulder or a back thing they
know better gang of things yeah I've
always had something because that was
just because I beat the shit out of my
body yeah I remember when I was
listening to one of your podcast and you
were talking about shoulder surgery and
how you weighted it with stem cells
exactly no a buddy of mine this Navy
SEAL he said to me I was having back
problems and kronk
gave me some of that CCBC I saw some out
on your phone yeah yeah and I needed
that because I did I just did this movie
where I had a fight scene oh he calls me
up he goes hey how you doing let me out
whoa excited about having how's your
back go back fine and I just heard it
the night before driving in the car like
a three-hour drive it's just I couldn't
move I said to Gronk I need some of that
stuff and it helped me oh yeah it really
worked I couldn't believe it
well it's all about inflammation and CBD
is fantastic at reducing inflammation I
take it every day every day yeah I
believe in it wholeheartedly
yeah I haven't tried that I just tried
the rub once enough you know the rub on
stuffs great - yeah drops are more
effective the way to do with those to do
both you do the drops and the rub on
stuff it's not like you get overdose on
CBD it's not even psychoactive it just
reduces inflammation yet of course
Iceland but the stem cell stuff which I
am all for you know I mean I mean
there's this NBC was telling me my banks
and lemme they there's a place in Dallas
I guess they can inject you into your
bloodstream and it goes to trial appache
yes yeah exosomes it's not just in
Dallas they do it here in Santa Monica
real lifespan medicine yeah shoutout to
dr. Ben Rudy yeah I've had it Joey yeah
see that's what about you you got that
Jim up there which is amazing I said to
one of the guys our work fishes this Joe
like you know chase know Joe buys
everything Joe wants to be beholden to
no one I go yeah Wow I wish I could be
like that I'm holding to everybody I
don't want I know you know if you if you
have someone sponsor or you right you
have to get their shit and maybe it's
not the best shit i buy that rogue
equipment yeah I buy it they don't give
me a discount it's the best shit you can
get those CrossFitters uses fucking
phenomenal it's all rock-solid shit
space-age running thing is crazy that's
insane here oh yeah but you know what I
like even better that air run and the
one that you propel yourself treadmill
is so strong no Air Assault treadmill
yeah yeah that's amazing
yep you put it out yourself yeah yeah it
doesn't it's not a motor you know like a
regular treadmills no do you press a
button and you just keep up with the
Machine yeah this doesn't have machine
this is you actually pulling it so it's
13% harder than regular running Wow yeah
but less on the joints yes that's in the
joints there's no pounding he gives in
it's very gentle see cuz when I was fat
and morbidly obese my knee I would still
jock cuz I I wanted to come down I
didn't want to fight you all these
people go I'm happy with myself the
lydian know wants to be happy you're not
exercising than they are you know
exercising because they just don't like
doing it so they say I'm happy being
this way but if think you could give
them a pill and say hey look I'll give
you a pill and you're gonna look like
Jason Momoa whoa okay I'll take it oh
I'll take it now you a ticket I took the
last thirty pounds that I lost they get
down to the 200-pound Pluto at actual
Washington or abouts were drops from
this like New England fat loss and they
would drop so you know all all organic
and suffer and then recently took my DNA
and they match up the foods that affect
your body with any inflammation and it's
stuff like I'm gonna oh man I go because
you know as well as I do you can work
out till the cows come home but if you
eat those cows when they come home
you're gonna be a big fat bastard you've
got to eat right it's it's 80 percent
what you eat 20 percent what you do you
know you work out any better I work out
for my head you know I because II to
keep the demons oh yes yes but but your
wheat right - yes yeah you've got - yeah
yeah Sugar's the number one thing get
the fuck did get that shit the fuck out
of your life get rid of sugar I mean you
know have a cookie occasionally yeah
nothing wrong with that but the people
that have sugar every day that drink
sodas and they drink so doesn't eat
candy bars you're killing yourself you
know I but surely I got off the desserts
by going to the mad Russian you ever
hear this guy yeah I have heard of him
Brooklyn he's got like an 86 percent
success rate for no smoking right every
now and this team the mad Russia was an
actual name it's in there when you
google him up he'll he'll tell you I
don't know mine yeah he's in Brookline
and he's old he's like 87 88 years old
right
so I we had this thing for fat loss you
know not anything would
fat loss I'm always looking at yeah well
yeah same say is that EFM superself
right that's a bend and look at his
hands and that's what when those hands
are in that position I'm not the
hypnotist
no no I don't drink soft drinks I'll
drink of you multiple sclerosis is what
he says an eraser of addictions
depression anxiety and phobias he works
with smokers drug addicts alcoholics and
Overeaters celebrities who say they have
had success with his treatments include
Billy Joel drew Barrymore David Arquette
Courtney Cox Arquette and Amy Tan where
the fuck is Amy Tan and why isn't Lenny
Clarke on there you go what I couldn't
get in four years so one day I go to see
him and we go any three hours this guy's
talking and you know yeah I'm not the
imposition and I'm listening to
everything I want to get on there for
chocolate cake Joe chocolate cake is my
kryptonite I get Oh God any kind of cake
put the jug at all yeah I didn't know
whether to fucking read it sometimes
both so anyway now I go and I listen to
him and and and at the end he goes okay
now we go one-on-one and I didn't know
we're going one I'm gonna go so I want
you to tell me what you're doing with
these not now okay close your eyes and
tell me what you don't i Swami it for
the chocolate cake I said all right
chocolate cake Pizza Man cheese the next
night I'm in a knot then I have all
three it didn't work however I never I
never drank that I was drinking ten
camps a tab a day that was in my Ryder I
only have one thing in my Ryder case a
tab it was a joke that's what I drank
you know some people drink diet cola I
drank tab you know those cool paint cans
yeah Deb what a beautiful gene
tell me if he knows if that isn't even
know could the Millennials flip out
everything about me I'm like a I'm like
a Stone Age person too that's cool
so now I don't drink that and I find
myself Trish drink water water sighs it
you know what that guy hit me he hit me
with the right thing I gotta go back
five years I tried to get back in and
couldn't do it a Father's Day about
seven years ago there's an opening and I
go and in the room of people from
Switzerland Spain Argentina Greece a
couple people from New England and me
and because I've seen you before you you
do not have to pay again I go no no I'm
not here for that it's a 65 bucks I
wanted I want in so I listen I listen he
goes okay now we have the one I want
mate I'll go first
so we're going to meet goes okay - close
your eyes
what you don't what the thing with never
not just for a month but forever you'll
never have again i okay the chunk like
the cake kept up fuck all desserts but
everything with its pastries everything
them a puff next day I go to the bakery
and and Summerville and a places cried
like a Lenny come right off the front
cuz I'm good for a big but sailing what
do you want nothing and where I haven't
had a dessert in seven years now what
brain is my thing well cremate what you
still get what cream you don't get
dessert no dessert no dessert pastry
cream a lot of bit of um come any ball
like a bowl these drop it out with a
spoon I will sometimes I don't even use
the spoon i Scott face the thing right
up whipped cream with pudding it's
pretty goddamn good chocolate pudding
with whipped cream c-c-cold whipped
cream and wormwood English very made it
like if you just made it oh this is like
food porn alright welcome to food please
people don't know about warm pudding
because nobody makes pudding that's
right as fuck I just buy it they but my
mother used to make them won't put in my
badge smelly smell I remember from my
childhood but today nobody fucking makes
pudding no fuck makes put it no that's
why I buy it right like I had already
made I have the whipped cream we go to a
fancy restaurant and cinema if you want
some dessert maybe I will submit so what
about hewing give me a bowl of whipped
cream
Gold over cream and they bring everyone
ever you looking at me what does he have
I have a bowl of whipped cream the mind
your business a good move oh it works
why don't they just sell that a bowl of
whipped cream that would probably fly
off the shelves maybe I should open up a
franchise whip it might be cool whipped
cream hey nobody fucking new Starbucks
is gonna take off till Adele
man you know when we were kids you get a
cup of coffee was like 50 cents or 25
cent right you go to a diner it was easy
now the coffee's $3 for a small coffee
five never venti yeah yeah I bought that
but two coffees are small and eleven
dollars that's crazy
hey office it's just coffee yeah yeah
but something happened Starbucks figured
it out
make them junkies turn everybody in no
coffee junkie why doesn't Coco get you
hi Coco yeah Coco well it's not the same
stuff well doesn't Coco come from the
cocoa leaf no cuz that's how ah well see
that's my god that's what cacao
besides it's just I'd have a lot of
schooling to go girl but I cook ow
it is not what cocoa comes from become
it doesn't come from coca leaf coca is
cocaine but you know you know I know Joe
that I know you know yeah it's great
it's a it's like let's let's see what's
at the top of the mount oh my god well
you know I went I went down to cada
Haena uh I went on a TNT travel right
nineteen like $199 I took this name I
put there's a cocaine tour
yes I'm Joe didn't have it took me
almost a day and a half to find the blow
when I got the gotta go
amen can we get you anything mr. yeah I
want a lot of blow as much you get me
now we don't have any but do you mean
you know that's where you're making
that's why I come to see you
we said that all through America anger
there's got to be a shipment that didn't
go and it's gotta be one way get senior
Lenny the blow so we ended up going the
way they made I was doing the holy
smokes for like $180 why what's the
normally cost a couple grand a bar we're
about the time at the time
I don't know you listeners I'm sure
we'll know Google at your son's a
pictures a mad okay you know it's like
you said people say very horrid things
I'm making this shit up
great okay yeah I make what I wouldn't
imagination I would have yeah whacked I
am it's a person you know I mean I know
it's a corroboree oh oh there's a lot of
witnesses that's why I've been written a
book a few more people got to die first
who you hope and dies first
for the book comes out you know dead
died that I ripped a love died yeah I
heard today right okay now when I first
started doing comedy Hollywood Squares
yeah I did it with him oh yeah I did
that was great hey one of the nicest
sweetest boy in my job I used to write
comedy when I first started and I'd
spend time in my room
I saw everything on Lenny Bruce I've
just delved into and Lenny used to
listen to his tapes for hours on end I
didn't realize he was listening to his
performances I thought he was sitting in
a room with the tape running and well
he'd say something a blank tape right so
I started I go let me doing something
wrong so I write jokes I swear to God I
write yeah yeah you think that I want
people not up so I go down I go mom what
do you think of this joke Aris you I
don't know I guess it's funny I hope
your guess is funny well who do you like
yours I like Rip Taylor Rip Taylor you
know he has sex with little boys my
kitchen I love why do you think Hyde's
made 1757 varieties you're the only
funny person wrote get the hell out it
and I I hate a Rip Taylor because he was
my mother's favorite comedian I wanted
to be a favorite comedian so I'm working
the dunes this is 35 years ago man and
polish I'm up by the pool and I'm
drinking it out comes Pauly Shore and
who's you with Rip Taylor and I go oh my
god well he introduces them to me and
before I can get two words out of my
mother he's got me crying he's one of
the funniest people quick funny oh look
at that what a buffet for me you know I
said am i saying well I said would you
do me a favor yeah sure whatever I said
would you would you say a lot of my
mother for caller on the phone yes of
course I would so late and they bring
the phone up with a long cord this is
old yeah yeah yeah so I got my my I get
someone wants to say hello to you Hey
hello Jean it's Rip Taylor oh he spends
like Oh minutes on a phone so sweet and
I go I love the guy ever ever since then
and you know I didn't I was lashing out
it was a kid I didn't know but one of
the sweetest guys and I got to work with
him at the Hollywood Squares and we did
a couple of benefits together but but I
sweet sweet and and funny as hell yeah I
never got to meet him but he was a funny
guy so love him on Hollywood Squares Oh
God
they would always come to him when they
wanted a little comic relief absolutely
yeah well you know I'm gonna tell you
something that this feel they give you
the answers to that show do they really
yes No
[Applause]
right there you know you could make up
your they gave that for people who
aren't funny but you could you know cuz
I was drawing my own stuff out there I
wonder when I was really getting
caulking you Carla oh I did this the one
way uh Henry Winkler was producing I
love him have you met Henry I love him
he's one of them I did a movie with
Henry he was the greatest guy oh he
wrote a book called there's no idiots on
the river about fly-fishing he loves
fly-fishing
oh yeah you know what the toughest part
about fly-fishing is well telling your
parents you're gay know what happens
joke she's a thief my wife's a big
fisherman really oh god yeah she's
didn't you live on an island
I live on Martha's I still live my room
Obama lived on my road what is it like
you can get near the house fuckin guys
with guns everyone guys with guns
everywhere really well when he was
through active president they wanted the
road twice a day so the dust won't rise
when they're completed I swear that God
as God as my judge so I would pull up
our secret security say hey man tell us
a joke funny man and I tell him a joke
if they laughed they let me go because
the next roads there was this was the
Plymouth every Road stop you know to see
if you even belong in that property this
is about 60 houses in my place where I
live in a I got like five and a half
acre estate
I married wealthy again Joe y'know yeah
oh yeah I said that
oh yeah and she's she's a fisherman
world-class fisherman would a boat you
know captain do yeah sure and she takes
me I'm pulls me alongside these shocks
and I go no get the we pulled up
alongside a basking shock that they had
to be 2,000 pounds having biggest thing
I've ever seen go ahead and pet it I go
I'm not gonna pet it doesn't have teeth
that can't bite you
yeah that's all any clocks come dead by
a giant secret you get the fuck but I've
been on a boat
three times this year with great whites
she's got a 32 foot boat almost more
than half the boat that big great ones
yeah they're everywhere that everywhere
there's a lot of amount in Martha's
Vineyard
oh yeah yeah they were saying around the
Cape there's a lot around the Cape I got
an app it's called shhhhh activity and
what and when they tagged all these
great whites and when the great whites
come their way you up baby it goes off
and I go oh and you look out you can see
them incredible there's a video of this
this guy and this shark comes by the
boat and you can't even believe it's
real that you've seen that video that's
what that was all my wife's Facebook
page was that from the key that was from
the vineyard it was yeah okay yeah it's
it's insane it's like a 20-foot long
shark yeah it's so big it doesn't even
make sense
Joey it looks fake yeah that's fake it's
not fake no it's unbelievable what the
fuck do they eat out there whatever they
want
yeah what seals seals there's a lot of
seals and when if you ever see seals and
you swimmin is just leave the water cuz
the sharks are the landlord did you ever
see the video off of Fisherman's Wharf
in San Francisco where a great white
mercs a seal right in front everybody
yes
holy shit that video huh guys I'm
credible and the water feels would
pledge and that brings all the shots
just blood everywhere and the people are
like gathering around the water watching
it like holy fuck looking off the dock
do you remember Curt Gowdy yes yeah his
son Trevor Gowdy
came to me and said was that what it was
that the why Burton Ellis was yeah yeah
cookout here and he did all this he did
the first five Super Bowls and I mean he
was the man his voice yeah so his son
said we want you to do this thing for
the outdoor life channel wait your fish
and I I'm not a fisherman I suck at this
you guys don't know he said we'll use
your wife's boat and you can be the
celebrity I said okay because we've done
five or six celebrities all right I said
okay what we had the blue fish no that's
been done albacore done stripe is done
what are we going shark shocks I said so
we go out in this really rough day man
and we'll go up we go out about sixty
miles and the waters rough and halfway
out we stop and catch bluefish I forgot
their debate oh my god so we get out 70
miles
eighty miles offshore I cast the line
within 20 seconds I got a 400-pound Mako
on my line
all right and a blue 400-pound blue and
I'm going oh man they go reel it up with
your make it you know look for long the
TV I got fuck you added it this thing's
heavy right so then she cast and she
catches a 500-pound mako I said you
couldn't let me be the stop for 30
seconds so now did we do - shoot it's
it's unbelievable our show a year later
I'm going through Kansas City and guy
comes something it's hey hey man I saw
you on that fishing show with the shocks
I go yeah he goes you're the worst
fisherman I've ever seen him yes I am I
suck at that yeah but I bet you you
huntin and I saw you shooting guns the
other day yeah I just shot well at the
Matt Light shootout you know he played
for the Patriots and you drive around
the Gulf cats with shotguns it's a lot
yeah it's amazing Jeff cars are sorry
yeah yeah and you shoot skeet oh yeah
yeah and you can't drink until after
it's over the first year you could drink
why you were doing it no I got hurt but
you know the other people would rules
you know so now I couldn't get the
skates or how he shook off limbs the
trees your boom hey you play that guy's
view but now I'm in so every year I'm in
the celebrity quick-draw you know what's
a pistol because long long guns I'm
pretty good I'm gonna say I'm really
good that long grunts
but pistols not so much but I'm fast so
I mean like if you needed a guy to lay
down suppression fire I'd be a guy so we
got drawn I have gggg I don't hit
anything but this year I hit four out of
five I saw you shooting the other day
you're pretty good shot not really I'm
learning up all I want a gun I when you
see a guy like this guy named Taryn
Butler who runs that Taryn tactical
place we see him shooting like a world
champion shooter right you go oh okay
yeah I get it there's levels does well
host
joash I look slow as fuck to us someone
like you I shot with the fastest guy
fastest pistol guy in the world and you
know he said lennier very fast but
you're horrible aim you have no a.m.
yeah annoying whatsoever but you're very
quick well I'm learning about
world the world of competitive shooters
because that Terran tactical place yeah
me and Tom Segura we started down there
okay because have you ever seen Tom
stand up no fucking I heard he's fucking
like I've seen something stuff on
YouTube yeah he's great we worked
together for the first time 12 years ago
with Charlie Murphy recipes yep yeah and
Charlie and John Heffron we're doing
this Maxim Bud Light comedy tour yes and
we toured around the country and they
would have a local guy open up and do a
few minutes before
Heffron and have formal going up baby it
would be either me or Charlie after him
and segura went up in Phoenix and
fucking I was so funny I couldn't
believe how funny was oh my god I didn't
know who he was I'm like how long you
been doing he's only been doing like a
few years yeah and we became great
friends ever since and now you're up
shooting but then we do the sober
October thing every year with Ari
Shaffir and Bert Kreischer and one this
year we have to take ten different
classes of something anything yoga class
boxing class so we started taking
tactical shooting and learning you know
just learning how to shoot pistols
correctly because I knew how to shoot
rifles hunting yeah I've never never the
only thing I've ever I've shot pistols
before with no instruction I just pulled
the driver and right you know was Kenny
Rogers and says that I am the worst
hunter in the world because when I moved
to the vineyard I remember the first
year everywhere out there isn't it I
didn't know that and I came home one
night lit up and I got out of my car and
I did just popped in front of the door I
backed up and stepped on a while turkeys
foot off whatever I got it so I'm not
holy shit baby so must be this update
that broke out and it's what these
animals like they're not gonna live
around my property so I got a gun right
and and the squirrels read all my bird
feed and I have feed the birds and so
I'd say I'm gonna kill you bastard Jim
first I was throwing furniture right
them and I got a couple of but then I I
didn't want I really want to kill him
but I think I like to shoot the tail off
you know maybe right but the bastards
move and I'd get him in the head I go
now
so this poor suffering I go now look
what you made me do ya you're stupid
badgering him no nothing's good well
what's good well yeah I give them today
I give them to the people in the
neighborhood you know but but
I don't kill him cuz I feel bad when I
get cuz I don't want to kill him I mean
I'm not one of these didn't wanted to
eat the bird food exactly yeah we had a
problem with our chickens the squirrels
were getting into the chicken coop but
he's not a chicken food well the deer
not a deer
my wife's weren't there today I totaled
the caddy caddies gone uh yeah so the
other night I'm coming home I be not to
swerve is what I go for him I chased the
passage all I Jason might well feel I
didn't get him but but you could die
that way too
yeah oh yeah cuz you know my friend cam
his he lives in new Eugene Oregon and a
guy in his neighborhood guy in front of
him hit a deer and it flew up in the air
and landed through his windshield and
killed him oh yeah so guy driving down
the highway guy in front hits the deer
boom Oh deer comes flying through the
air bang right through the windshield
the second guy oh yeah guys that's where
I never follow anyone always lead
leaving like that be the lead pony man
look behind me that's not matter but
with the with the deer you know when I
got there I had I had a partial view of
the ocean you know there has to be a
real ocean view and I know at the time I
was the only one that's a be terrible if
a typhoon came into college trees down
and the trees came down but I replaced
every tree that was missing we brought
up - I see you're saying two nurseries
of course you do nursery step we're
going to chop trees down evidently
you didn't do that I why would I talk
I'm a law-abiding person I understand so
I bought two nurseries going out of
business we have five hundred trees not
over six feet tall but then we had gods
and vegetables and stuff like that and
the deer were eating them and I'm at the
beach one day and I'm pissed off from
see he's got them there and it's this
this old guy cut some excuse me
excuse me I overheard your conversation
this is what did don't eat and he gave
me a list like 50 things so I went out
and bought everything and I'm week later
I saw hey shithead
evidently my deer can't read because
they ate all of that and then I just so
I I'm not good at killing stuff Ally I
did kill a couple you know my mistake I
really did I try squirming you know they
ran into the bullet as opposed Lucien
well this was a 22 like the rifleman I
love my favor for men yeah yeah I used
to love that job I got one just like
that right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I
got really good with it you know so like
when I was repeating were like a Henry
rifle exactly exactly I still make those
you know Henry rifles is like a big
rifle company Kenny came down one
weekend Kenny Rogers and stayed up all
night he refused to sleep went through
about 300 rounds and the gun was still
smoking the next morning and I gotta get
it fixed now he like it's so I have I
have other guns but anyway I I would
call I'd call up my my kid take a team
and get oh you want a day yeah I'm on my
way so he came over he's how much you
kill I go oh just this morning tomorrow
yeah and I go cuz I was firing into the
bushes scared I got them so is there a
rule on how many you're allowed to kill
during season table by this great door
open yeah yeah but I don't I don't I
don't do it anymore but but but it's
just Jay Miller I love you know Jamie
little hockey player for the Bruins he
they hide him to protect Gretzky years
ago I mean I don't think he I think he
may have lost one fight in his life he's
a tough tough son of a bitch anyway the
hockey's 10 tests 10 best for top fights
he's in like three of them so he says
can I come huntin you properly I go
that'd be great
come over and kill all my dear so he
gets like six or seven guys and they
come over with these unbelievable
bandoleros and shit so so he's people on
an destruction they're all these big
trucks and I go hey man I'm so glad yeah
god kill everyone you can fight us oh no
man it's not deer season we're killing
rabbits there and you hear my wife and I
gotta go out and tell these fucking
monster hunt this is a man listen to me
my name is both of my name is a gone
gonna kill everything every rap but I
mean imagine that you know I'm telling
he's just aa strong yeah what they look
like Mexicans go down there to kill
rabbits that seems ridiculous no
all the way to Martha's Vineyard to kill
rabbit there's a lot of rabbits that man
there's rabbits and skunks right and and
someone someone brought skunks are not
indigenous to the vineyard so this
asshole brought skunks over because he
was pissed off at some other rule he
couldn't do oh man he left and they
multiplied Netaji baby skunks you know
said he brought skunks over to piss
somebody else on yep yep yes this guy I
know I know yeah it'll come to me I'll
text them there's a few little animals
but they'll they'll fuck your chickens
up to you know skunks or predators don't
fuck your dog up oh yeah yeah you know I
mean and if you got a cat just pray this
shit oh god man I gotta bathe him in
tomato juice and work my dog got zapped
it doesnt the dog out here no Marshall
but when I was a kid my dog in Boston
got zapped
yeah tomato just didn't do jack shit she
stopped four fucking weeks oh yeah we
kept shampooing her yeah oh good you
know when you asked is there a limit for
the animals you can kill when I killed
my first Turkey
I thought that some guy owned all these
what and when there was three missing I
go he's gonna know his dream is he's
gonna come up here and give me hot shit
you know get rid him and they cooked it
and was really gaming I had a piece of
not good way to cook it right you got to
prepare it right man I had wild turkey
yeah really good yeah I'm sure if you do
it right yeah these guys they don't eat
everything I just you know when is there
a hunting season on Martha's Vineyard
deer yesterday really yeah I think it's
twice and then there's bow and arrow
season cuz I let some guys put up stands
in my yeah I got five out of a kit how
many deer do you have out there a lot of
deer Joe I'm honest tears and and you
know I've noticed there's a lot of 12
you had a lot of 12 point bucks
these are elk okay well there was a
10-point buck in my property that a guy
back then Wow it's I think deer yeah
it's huge yeah yeah little days you know
- Bambi dancing I mean you know there's
no predators no that's the thing about
Mars it's raining you know if they're
out on that island
yeah how the fuck they get out there I
don't know Joe
I have no idea of the guy brought the
skunk's in I know that
I don't know but they might have swam
right they could swim they can you know
they can swim I've seen him swim across
rivers and if you if you swim on a on a
calm day from Falmouth to the vineyard
it's probably five six miles you could
do that it could be done you can't beat
that for sure yeah and who knows it
might have been closer at one point in
time you know they have the Cape Cod
Rail railroad train and they had a bear
take the train Joe I swear to God get on
the gaff and straight and he was eating
the garbage drove across the canal
you know they've let the railroad push
it out and the bear is shower down and
they know and even people call this a
bear on the train and I go yeah that's
very funny and they ended up down down
near the bottom of the Cape well there's
a shitload of women Pasadena really yeah
they hop in people's pools that's a real
problem one of my favorite videos this
guy's walking down the street looking at
his phone yeah he's just looking at
phone not even paying attention
and he literally a bears like from you
to me although they turns and runs away
and the Bears like oh they're black
bears
we're not that dangerous look what you
can be what would you rather have in
your pool a black bear or an alligator
a black bear yeah I mean yeah because
you could talk to you could talk to the
baby scare the bear oh yeah yeah look at
this one this is these two old people is
this pasty in as well so so these two
old people don't even pay attention and
watch the guy locks his door walk away
and this fuckin bears our hello oh my
god like a nice bear well it's
residential bears what it is they're
used to being around people that's
that's a habituated bear that's the
problem I'd like to teach him how to
drive a lawn mower Pasadena is a
beautiful place imagine having your bed
drive the lawnmower did you ever you
ever work out there and Pasadena at the
ice house yes I have yeah yeah 130 years
you can love it out there and so you
know they're there butted up against
mountains out there yeah you know it's
pretty close to Big Bear as well so
there's a lot of bears out there in the
area and they'd hop in people's pools
and swim around people come home this
fucking mama bear two cubs swimming
around their pool don't
fuck
the mama but no no no yeah for people
been jacked so far just this bow hunting
season in Montana by Grizzlies and it's
almost always a mama bear with Cubs no
where do you go in Montana well I
haven't hunted in Montana in a few years
last time actually I hunted in Montana
was with Bourdain we went pheasant
hunting outside of Bozeman but my wife
my wife's get a place in Bozeman
Bozeman's fantastic it's unbelievable
orgeous you ever go to that hotel where
that guy rode the horse into the
elevator he was in stripes I figured it
was because I was away the guy right
there was over there yeah yeah the guy
who was the drill sergeant there I'm he
did a lot of movies anyway yeah um I
haven't been to that one but yeah
Bozeman's fucking great but most I hunt
in Utah I've hunted in Colorado I've
hunted in Alaska I've hunted in a lot of
places Montana it's amazing we went
there after the Whittier earthquake cuz
she felt no so we left the first flight
out was Utah in it from Utah we went to
Bozeman
so just to hide whatever falls apart
yeah right yeah so so now we go into the
Yellowstone and they're snowmobiling you
know and and I had never done that you
know I mean I made me fun there were no
rules
I mean well to go to Yellowstone now
Clinton had it you have to go on a tour
back then you could go just rent through
and go off on your own
oh really oh yeah and they have went and
changed that yeah she did Clinton
changed I don't know catch me fuck you
know it's double stays on the trail I
went I ended up going to Old Faithful
yeah the Old Faithful Lodge and you know
I was still smoking and drinking I think
back then yeah and we I wanted to see if
that that Old Faithful even went off
every hour on the hour and so I went out
it like for monitoring I think it's a
scam I think everybody I'm gonna be a
investigative reporter so I'm smoking a
joint
and I'm out that's just me and out comes
this this elk from the other side
he looks at me and I look at him fuck
with this guy and the thing went off and
we both looked in them we both just
bagged the wild man in it sometime gonna
tack recently a lady yeah by an elk yeah
yeah and I'm if well you know what they
will fucking with it they're trying to
take trying take selfies especially
right now because they're fucking right
now this is this is a rut like right now
it's towards the end of the right cuz
we're into October but the rut is
basically from like the first week in
September to somewhere around the last
week in September it might go on
sometimes it'll rut into October in
California this do they'll still rut
right now they're still run out right
now for them when they fucking it's
called a rut yes well I'm not fucking
that's a right now I've just come out of
a right what happened in West
Yellowstone it's the snowmobile capital
of the world and they have guys that
come up from Michigan would souped-up
snowmobiles that you know like like
rockets and there's gang some nice
people realize well and then I met some
they're in a bar and everyone in my
shell stone drives around on the streets
yeah in the snowmobiles there's more
some of us than cars I didn't see that
many cars so I'm pretty fucked up and I
start getting cocky after day two honest
Nova and I go up off this Ridge when I'm
a airport and I come down in some
fucking trees that's all so now the snow
is buried right and my wife comes what
the fuck have you thought how we get I
don't know help me help me we can't pull
that up and who comes up with the guys a
mitten about it morning ten of them and
they pulled it out with me and they said
you should be able to make it back and I
go Wyatt while the Front's all fucked up
and I went okay so we bring it back and
she's what he gonna tell the guy I go
I'm gonna tell him we get charged by
Buffalo and and it's what I saw so she
she checks in her and I call the guy who
excuse you so I got to talk to pay
someone i mean what happened i see what
happened here he goes what happened and
she goes I walked over just as the guy
was in by Buffalo huh
oh I said kid I've never heard that
story ever I've never heard any charge
of my buffer guess 150 bucks I said
great it's a charge in three I would
have paid it was all fucked up the light
we're broken but you can't do that
anymore last time I was in Aspen we
rented snowmobiles and there's like a
course that you go they'd take you on
this run and they'd take you all the way
up into the mountains is a whole area
they can take you they stop you get hot
chocolate you overlook this trout river
fucking fantastic
oh it's really cool Aspen is amazing Joe
I want up to Aspen with a buddy of mine
who owns the Angelo sub shops you know
prime o'clock these great guys why do
you call you some shops D'Angelo see
would you buy yourself from a guy named
uh no sorry we fly out this Chevy stop
in Vegas and we end up at the Glenn Frey
at Podolak tournament it used to be
Glenn Frey Jimmy Bob Nichols yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah how cool is that right so
now we're uh we're out there and we
check into this hotel Jerome right and
he said what do you want to do Lenny I
said well you know I really like to get
a mountain bike and come down that
that's ski slope so he rents three SUVs
there's like 12 us and we went mountain
mountain bikes you know and he takes us
up to the head to the top of like the
Continental Divide or some shit
okay let's go and then oh guys I had
flip-flops on right no I went down at
14,000 feet I'm passing fucking cars hey
somebody get that fucking one so the
SUV's Brian wants you to fucking kill
this is like a 10,000 foot drop on a
sign here all right man all right cuz it
was it was just so much fucking fun you
know I don't give me shit so he ends up
getting bumped by one of the guys in the
group real asshole no one like that
anyway ends up in the fucking hospital
so he rides by me he's covered in
fucking blood and I go what happened he
goes I'll be ok man just just get back
to the hotel so now I got a pedal back
for the fuck dogs because I'm at the
bottom not we got bad back there's wrong
so I said how's he doing he doesn't want
to see you I said what they say doesn't
want to see you I said why he says he's
afraid you make him laugh so I went as a
Brian man I'm like he started laughing
get out
take the fucking jet and just go home it
hurts me so much to laugh but it was
funny you mention the egos because the
night before we golf we golf at this but
I mean everyone said Kevin caused all
these big stars I mean I member Kevin
constants what do we eat and I says well
if yeah what you read I'm a cunt
and it's like wild game buffet you know
not every Hall they have like animals
that endangered species shit you know
it's really great and boozing in and in
friendly women it was so after the thing
we shower and we go to this little place
must have held about 250 and the show is
the Eagles divided I absorb front people
and the Eagles and we're walking in and
I go hey Brian how you doing hey bride's
gonna hang you Brian
that's the fucking Eagles yeah I led to
my yacht one week they never fucking
forgot about it
if Bobby's with him so we met the father
goodbye then oh yeah it was great
Wow yeah why was that holy shitballs
Penn's famous for that kind of partying
right yeah yeah yeah that's why I think
that's why they used to have that Aspen
Comedy Festival I was like excuse yeah
yeah I did that one yeah it was an
excuse for people to ski and party yeah
I made aspirin school I mean I go to
Vail every year for cystic fibrosis we
do a big tournament up there obvious
keep them in your race and shit I'm
horrible but you know people pay big
money to see me crash kids yeah that
whole Aspen area you know it's beautiful
in the winter but my god when you go
there in the summer and you see what it
looks like you know now I know why all
is rich people live up here
oh my yeah cuz it's stunning it was the
only time I was ever there where there
wasn't snow I did I did I did a festival
twice and we saw snow and in the year I
golf would Brian and the client fry
tournament was it was just beautiful
just yeah gorgeous and huntin and you
had a hunter that loved hunting I could
see me a new hunter from the chairlift
yeah well there's more elk in Colorado
than I think any other state I think
it's got the most elk of any state and
and you eat almost everything you
oh I eat everything there you go most of
what I eat is out I'm having elk for
dinner tonight I marinated it today no
kidding yeah yeah i marinated it and
vacuum-sealed it's get in the fridge
right now and I get home I'll cook it
yeah yeah got a bunch of different ways
eight sausage see so that's that's good
yeah see I I don't want to be a killing
animals just to kill em no I feel bad I
mean look I would if there were nuisance
animals there was something that like if
a coyote was killing my chickens I'd run
them over
yeah but no I love elk it's like it's
the healthiest food you can eat and I
eat it almost every day what's the
biggest animal you think you've killed
I killed a moose once I'm yeah that was
enormous that was a thousand pounds that
I saw one up in Maine you they're
unbelievable they're so big doesn't even
make sense when you see when walk across
the road for the first time that first
time I saw it was like what the fuck
well that first time I ever saw moves in
the wild actually it was we pulled over
I was hunting with my friend Mike
Hawking's in NBC in British Columbia and
we pulled over the side of the road and
we look out at this field and these it
was just cows it wasn't even bulls and
they were walking across the field they
look it was like Jurassic Park I
couldn't believe how big they were I was
like look at those fucking yes yeah like
Jesus Christ they're so bent when
they're angry oh my god very very things
well Mike got chased by one he was he
was riding on a horse and a fucking cow
moose started chasing him and he say
barely got away
they've died you guys oh my god so fast
they're so big yeah they're yours are so
long and they look gangly but when I'm
in motion well they left gangly so that
they can walk through swamps and they
spend a lot of time like my buddy John
Dudley is actually in British Columbia
right now hunting moose he actually shot
one yesterday if you go to knock on TV
on Instagram he shot a moose yesterday
and his buddy shot one a couple of days
ago that is one of the biggest moves
I've ever seen in my life but it's all
swamps yeah so these things are in the
swamp so those long legs aid them
because they could walk through that
swamp water you know I mean they're
they're literally like we're their body
start
it's the bottom of their body starts it
might be five and a half feet off the
ground
wow that's how big the cheese and I mean
then the rest of them in the head and
the fucking antlers everything is
enormous they're huge you mentioned you
wish you were shooting pheasant would
Bourdain
yeah I never met him I always wanted me
to I love you yeah
now did you you obviously ate the
pheasant yeah what you got it I didn't
get one but he got one right I clipped
one I missed I just knocked a feather
loose I went down to my wife's house in
Virginia early on and I met her her dad
her dad was a big bird hunter and he is
why you never you never a fencin and he
went there he went to closet pulled out
a shotgun right but out I hit bam bam he
kept waiting pheasant tonight he had
killed the pheasant in his back there
was lots of presents in Middleburg
Virginia it's a cross-country and yeah
first time I have a they're very very
good you know it's funny you mention
boudin is there anybody you know cuz
you're in a great position now Joe is
there anyone that you'd like to meet
that you haven't met yet I'm sure yeah a
lot of scientists like Dawkins I'm gonna
meet Richard Dawkins soon he's gonna do
the podcast I'm very excited to meet him
yeah but no I mean you know get and
that's funny you said because I agree
scientist you know like should be a rock
stars they should form a superhero
me too I mean these these people can
change the course of life
yeah but not just one but for many well
it's also important to too for a dummy
like me to have someone like that
explained like I have this guy Sean
Carroll was just here a couple days ago
and he's trying to explain to me quantum
physics and quantum mechanics it's like
I've read that book I've listened to
that book on tape I listened to him talk
and I might've got like 1% of what he
was trying to convey because it's really
complicated shit no dummy but I I so
happy that guys like him around exams
try to explain it to people like us well
I tell you you know you have all that
gym equipment and I thought about this
and you could do me a favor
I bought a Gravitron you know what that
why I didn't buy I was given with the
graviton as a height now you have you
know I have the the dip and pull up
assist machine
put the different way yeah like those
one of those things called is that a
Gravitron that's no yeah that's that's
the new bus but mine was the original
Gravitron it was the thing with the
would like a computer sensor and a
propulsion oh yeah yeah every time you
saw what you'd get on it you're just
like a little red light yeah yeah yeah
yeah well I'd always wanted one and
steve Schirripa you know absolutely
Lenny I'm leaving Vegas I'm open today
octant allow us in the blue button so he
says you can have it is but you got to
move it I said all right so I call the
guy he call his guy knows as a moving
company and he goes Lenny I love to do
it for yourself for costs so we moved it
from Las Vegas to the vineyard two grand
to grad right right so now I get Kenny
and a bunch of other guys and we drive
down to my house and we try to get it
I'm sticking by living my wife is you're
not having that now single it's only
they have one the only toy I love this
thing you know it's not so we couldn't
get it up into the room but so you dress
you 12 feet tall you know and five of us
before we got into wall I mean it was
unbelievable and she that's it get it so
now I got no place to put it because I
my goal is to build the garage and have
my own Jam yeah that's all you know and
a pool I need a pool too but you know
that yeah you have yet of course so I
put it in this garage we have and you
down at them you know with plantation
whatever it is right and this asshole
neighbor you you have any asshole in
there is no no cuz you're too far where
I'm lucky
yeah well most of my neighbors if this
guy sucks i hate this guy Oh Joe I hate
this good bird boy anyway I love this
parent his parents were the nicest
people but I think he wanted him that's
okay inherit them yeah everything and
his mother father sweetest he said no
for dinner it's just a sick fuck anyway
he he tells my wife we're gonna move it
everything out of that out of that
garage so we can clean it when cleaning
30 years is he gonna move things out of
your garage
cuz she because he beat up a couple of
old elderly
and had to move their boats so he can
move his new brand new tractor in their
matching this shit so well yeah yeah
it's bridge this is what happened to me
so the favors coming so anyway you don't
have to kill anymore
the he he I said don't move it I'll be
back I was on the road I shall be back
Monday but they moved it anyway and when
they moved it the the brain part of it
came out and never they lost it you know
that's they lost they lost the compiler
yeah but you he'd throw it away on me
too so he gets a dick like that and now
everyone in the whole Association hates
him anyway people that don't even know
him hate him and I'm building hate so
the guy I said hey man he goes Lundy do
we have a problem oh yeah we got a
problem I go I moved that thing across
countries a friend of mine gave that to
me that was gonna be the centerpiece of
my home gym and you fucked it up you lie
goes well you know I'm sorry these
things happen
these things happen to st. yeah so now I
have a 12-foot tall basically you know
sculpture sculpture yeah and I gotta
protect that so it doesn't mind I didn't
even offer to pay no no and if he did if
he offered to pay I would have been okay
and even if he didn't but he didn't even
offer he was like well think about it so
there's a guy who invented it Lanny
Potts is his name and I went on I had
little millenials everybody try to find
this guy - Trek because I'll pay the guy
I think he wants it yeah I think the guy
would want me to have it
he's the guy who invented the
Stairmaster from the Stairmaster the
gravit will up a picture that thing bald
yeah Gravitron your finals making
service the right thing no no easy just
make sure the the image he's pulling oh
yeah but the Gravitron is a propulsion
assist oh yeah this guy could tell us
what yeah it's it's just it's gives you
a little assist so I'm pulling up 200
pounds you're doing a chin up it gives
you a background but then every day you
work down and down so now that's the new
model but how'd the fuck that they lose
the the brain of that yeah and the brain
was at the bottom the original one
what there it is that's it oh no over
there no those one well yeah that one
the big picture that's it doing the chin
up no that don't
that's it okay that's it so this guy
Lani pots and two other guys in fret
that and you can see with that you stand
in that and there's the buttons you push
right in the middle and a red bar if
you've got twenty million listeners
maybe one of you guys is friends with
Lani pop eh yeah I just want to get this
little first I want and I want to get
jacked I want to be the prettiest man
walk the planet I'd go up to that guy's
house negative go look what's your baby
Joe yeah yeah yeah I can't believe you
lost the brain of it oh it broke my
heart I mean I haven't even told syrup
yet because right was so nice matching
Ripple go to the guy's awesome Pokemon
trip I used to run the Riviera yeah oh
yeah he scared the fuck out of me a
couple of pounds we dealt with hecklers
Oh oh yeah saw some guy take a cigarette
and throw it on the ground and step on
it in the showroom and he fucking
screamed at my back got in his face but
it was like eh you're gonna die scream
you know yeah strippers old school vague
oh yeah people don't know oh he's an
actor oh no you know he got into acting
I think because of Drew Carey
I gave him it's one of his first act
that's boy on the cut on Sunday comics I
was in a electric chair and he was the
guy you know and he never forgot that he
said mad at you she gave me a break
always bring me I fucking love that day
I worked for him in like 97 back in 97
that was like the first time I ever
worked for him but uh he was then that
was when Drew Carey had the Drew Carey
Show right and Drew Carey had got him
apart on The Drew Carey Show and he was
like a god for the fucking for a goof
now now the fuckin acting yeah and he
wasn't being like a real actor and then
all of a sudden I see him on the fucking
Sopranos I was like holy shit you're on
the greatest show in the history of the
universe yeah yeah and he was really
good
oh yeah but it's substantiate of my
feelings about acting but it's just
pretending
yeah it's not that hard I mean there's
acting like did you see the Joker yet no
holy shit I saw the other night Jam you
were right holy shit Joaquin Phoenix is
a fucking master oh yeah it's a
masterpiece
I love the money Johnny Cash
why I'm like you're tough maybe I am I
mean it's a fucked up sick movie yeah
but it's that's what they were trying to
do right it's the greatest fucked up
sick movie I think I've ever seen I mean
you might not be into it if you're not
into the I'm sure yeah
listen to me I enjoy anything that's
done well yes you know I mean even if
it's not my cup of tea
yeah you know I mean I'll I'll go and
I'll watch it and I'll try to figure out
what what the message you were trying to
get a point and maybe I can connect with
your vision I'll give you that
and if it sucks I'll just come yeah it's
not for me but some master yeah it's a
masterpiece I mean Todd Phillips nailed
it and walking free Todd Phillips as a
master of comedy does this it's one of
the dark movies is not a funny fucking
moment in that movie that it's not a
happy moment in that movie but it's a
masterpiece but the point is like that
kind of acting like what Joaquin Phoenix
does in that movie what Daniel day-lewis
doesn't his movies like that's on
another level
but like regular acting like look at
what Steve did they gave him a fat suit
right they put a fat suit on him and he
played Bobby on The Sopranos and he
fucking nailed it you knocked out of the
park you would think that that guy had
been acting his whole life right you
really would it was when you would do it
fear factor you would do a lot of those
things that you had the stunts yeah oh
no no no they wouldn't let me do any of
them oh no because like you wanted to
write yeah for sure
yes I are one yeah I did a couple of I
did a couple of stop when I was doing
meet Wallace Boxford Rodney Dangerfield
he said to me okay in this scene you're
sword-fighting coming down these marble
stairs and you're gonna get stabbed
you're gonna roll down Oh hold on
Kemosabe
I said I'm shooting a network TV show
during the day I'm here at night for you
because I love you I go I can't get hurt
right I was really fat at the time like
370 I go I'll get hurt he goes what what
do you want me I don't get a stuntman he
goes I'll kid you're gonna make me pay
for stuff and I go Rodney
I said come that's a please play so so
this thinkers it stopped me and comes in
right there you go mr. Clark thank you
for the job I look at the guy and I go
dog this is what I look like you know
any look leaves my side so the guy gets
up a action and I go I cut and then they
put him in my spot and then he gets
stabbed but the sword goes tumbling down
the mob Wilson pastas am i bleeding from
his ear I don't know what do you think I
think he could do one better than that
it was I would've got screwed and then
we do a car scene they said alright
missing money you break Rodney out of
the house you get in the car and you
drive as fast as you can up the road and
you see the the lights up there there's
a bunch of cameras with sandbags we want
you to hit the brakes and slide into the
sandbags but don't go any farther in the
sandbags okay let's go and I turn around
hey Rodney I'm a great driver I said but
I don't know if I can I like I like a
test run to see where the brakes are
gonna watch it come on just don't
fucking kill anybody
so I try I Drive like a bass right if I
could do a better move to later I Drive
and I hit the brakes and I saw six
inches from the sandbag total luck but I
mean it was like I'm thinking and I'm
flying it right and it goes we got it
and I go yeah hey Ronnie go stab see I
told you you would be crazy lucky but
the reason I said if I could do if you
could change anything in your life would
you change anything
no of course I knew you'd say that now
ask me would you change anything
everything well if you change everything
you might not be where you are they go
yeah I'm I'll roll the dice I could be
fucking better off you never know you
know I mean well I learned from all my
mistakes
Oliver I've hated every fucking one of
them I felt terrible every fucking
mistake I've ever made but it's made me
a better person I'm still making
mistakes brother mistakes you know it's
just part of being a person man I
already makes mistakes
I try to be a good person I always tried
to be a good person and and something
I'm so how do you try the more fucking
people miss
i misunderstand that that's what makes
me one of do bad things to people yeah
well your neighbor the guy who lost the
brain oh yeah or the Gravitron oh I mean
I wouldn't encourage you to say his name
on the show no I know I know that I know
it but you know you did you see how I
feel and I and I'm a good I told this
guy he could cut down trees to improve
his view stuff like that I was nice his
parents loved me his parents said oh
that lindy's the nicest guy you won't
believe it's a little crazy but for I
used to learn Krypton eat the food off
the trees everything no yeah he's very
wealthy and he's very you know it is
born wealthy yeah I mean if I had a son
I'd fucking kick him out of the house
make him fend for himself I really would
not maybe if I did that to my kidding
and the blowin sale is a flea you
mentioned a pepper oh yeah how many how
many peppers did you have for you oh my
god hundreds yeah yeah on my route I had
three routes yeah a couple hundred
apiece I had the herald for a while my
main staple was the globe
right did the herald on I did in New
York Times I did the hello globe New
York Times in the Cambridge Chronicle no
and every now and then my father feel
bad for me go ski yeah you're not gonna
you're not gonna be able to you you
better up more than you can chew get in
the car and read be flipping him out the
window
he showed me because he worked for the
Herald as a loner type operator and he
was proud of me for working with us for
bit 3/4 but what are you nuts - one
paper like know something I can make
real money if you did that like I did
that state that saved me while I was
doing stand-up mmm because it gave me
money like I didn't have to have a
regular job like I could get up in the
morning and I could deliver newspapers
from you know 5:00 a.m. to like 7:30
a.m. worst job you ever had worst job
you ever had
construction for sure some of those
construction gigs were rug really rough
yes and it depends on the company he
worked for I work with my buddy Jimmy
lawless and we we built a wheelchair
ramp for a Knights of Columbus Hall
right and a tall fucking something I
mean wasn't even all summer I mean I
think I quit after like three weeks but
all that's about
some weary yeah carry cement and
pressure-treated lumber all I did every
day cement and pressure-treated lumber
out in the Sun and by the time five
o'clock would roll around or whatever
wasn't we quit I I didn't have anything
left I'll just eat and fall asleep and
then I get up in the morning and do it
again in it but it taught me something
like if you if you want to be a labourer
yeah for life this is what life is and
this is this a fucking tire you're gonna
be you better figure out what you want
to do with your life and get after it
you know because this is at the time I
was probably like 18 or 19 and I'll
never forget how hard it was at 21 I
went to the National Labor's training
center in Hopkinton mash but when they
teach you how to belay
teach you teach you how to be a laborer
and the same thing we're just met in the
pressure-treated lumber that if you got
on your skin it made you always yes and
from there I'd leave and I go to be a
lifeguard and then after life got it was
Jannah in a couple bones there's all at
one at one time when my dad gets second
I was dead carefully but then that I was
a sewer truck operator which was a great
job you know they used to have a claw on
the back of a big big giant pickup truck
you know I mean bullet stuck and you'd
swing it out and you'd pick up the the
top of the the sewer and then you put
the clam in and you open it up and you
pick up and I went to every bottom in
Cambridge said got a lot of complaints
about this thing comin at you saw out
there really yeah I can take it really
why don't you have a beer close the
clinic Eddie
sickness I walk people down again okay
got a cover for me
they need a drink to would be shit-faced
the porter up what I was conveying a
massive oh my god the shine people did
you do the shy Jones like we just do
with the whole but until you fixed it we
put well we get it we'd get one of those
removable shitters and we put that on
one side but yeah right and then we get
the cause and I got but the guys would
come and they could if if you had the
right crew they could fix that Sidewalk
in a couple of hours
why don't you smooth it out you know but
you know Massachusetts always has fucked
up sidewalks I mean in or
fucked up concrete every way you drive
all the asphalt fucked up Joe and how
about the highways hi first we're gonna
do this mile section in Saugus all right
that's good now we're going up to
Springfield leave that how about the Big
Dig how much longer did that takes you I
was supposed to tell that it's one of
the biggest corruption schemes in all of
the history of construction I know the
big dick went to jail the Big Dig was
supposed to cost 1.8 billion dollars and
be done in seven years the Big Dig is
still not finished and it costs twenty
eight billion dollars that's twenty six
billion dollar over right that's like
gold or dry clean is it how much you
clean my pants twelve dollars you go
back tonight there'll be three grand we
ran into some problems everyone made
when I was living in Malden right they
were working on it
yeah that was in 1988 yeah and they
still work Joe they put up four ton
tiles with Elmer's glue and they thought
it was gonna that's what happened oh
yeah
look 51 million do you always originally
51 million oh my god it's still not done
it's still not done
how is it not done but since its
constructed 91 to 2007 Joe believe me
tell me I Drive that all the time this
pods but that's still an open date it
took him 15 years to open up the tunnel
to them to the on the airport it says
it's on December 31st it's official
Boston's Big Dig will be done the
Washington Post in 2007 okay but it's
they're just still fixed on the
centerpiece of the big day is the same
bridge was named after a guy named Lenny
shake him do you know who yes no okay
nice guy community organized a
philanthropist wonderful person Joe and
the people in Chosun said he said you
will blow that bridge up so no I swear
to God right when he said I'm a nice guy
I'm a friend of Jews I married a Jew I
was in the tribe I know your secrets
don't fuck with me I'll expose you
so I'm not kill the Jews I love the Jews
and very good sex know what happens they
they had eight people from Cambridge who
were against the let me second bridge
being
because it cast a shadow on the Chou's
River preventing the fish from being in
the river to go out to the ocean and
spawn really yeah first of all anything
in that River should not be allowed to
recreate but secondly all a shadow is
stopping a fish what the fuck do you
think fish do at night oh come on who
said that it was doing that the was
there a real-life biologist for saying
no some big ugly woman you can walk
across it really has it has gotten
better but you can still you can still
see so when people are rowing Monello
that's bad you know they've well I used
to live in Newton I used to live in
Newton upper falls across the street
from like a section of the river and we
see carp in it yeah yeah yeah and then
one day I was out there walking around
and I saw some bubbling in the water and
I watched a condom bubble up to the
surface and I realized it was a sewer
pipe that was broken yeah it was leaking
raw sewage right into the fucking River
that's where it goes yeah do you know in
family-pack when you were a kid
the groundskeeper was Joe Mooney and Joe
Mooney was famous because nobody but
nobody stepped on that grass no one even
yaki get up Mike it was like a crazed
man and since then my friend David Mel
he's one of my dearest friends because I
I wanted to learn all about grass cuz I
smoked it and smoking is easier than
growing and growing it Sisera but he
when he took over when the sewers were
back up in Boston they would flood
Fenway Park and when the water receded
he'd be actually fish flappin in the
infield and we have pictures of it
that's what you can Blatch it up and how
did they come from from from the river
from the Charles River and then back up
and whatever's in those shores would
come out but through what port how did
it get into the grass area oh the water
would rise from where the water would
drain out of the ballpark it would come
back in and fish would and fish there's
pictures of
fish flapping under failed if my pocket
and I yes yeah you can google google at
the final time sharika well david
everything david miller has written like
eight books on lon
and what i went to him John Henry
invited me to come up and sit with him
on my birthday one night at Fenway Park
this is years ago about 10-12 years ago
and he said to me says uh Lenny oh you
want to go sit in my seats I said yeah
so when he bought Fenway he extended the
infant seats out to more rows so it's TV
summary it's right next to him so I'm
sitting there with my guys if you could
meet anybody in the ball park in the
organization who would you like to meet
the groundskeeper he was what you want
to meet Manny or Big Poppa yeah no I
want to meet the groundskeeper why I
said you just had Jimmy Buffett out here
two nights in a row there's not a blade
out of grass look at that good suppose
beautiful glass beautiful island or he
gets on the phone Dave would you come
down it's a guy mister clocking oh you
know me man I've been dying to meet you
so we got was off the shy leave should
be right right so then I invited him and
his wife and kids down to my place and
they come down to the vineyard three
weeks later they sent me let me Clark
Fenway Park grass seed
my lawn looked like Fenway Park it was
the most amazing one it's like shit now
but you magic see Joe got a cut they
were gonna cover you know blenny in my
when I bought it when I bought this
property it was all overrun and one day
I was out smoking a joint and I was
picking up paper you know cuz I'm a land
baron yeah and I go holy shit mo what's
wrong there's a stone wall back in my
house is surrounded by stone walls that
you couldn't even see because the
tickets and the brush was all overgrown
the next day she must have like eight
trucks in there and they I have stone
walls surrounding my entire estate and
just didn't know didn't know couldn't
even see him Wow yeah weird and then I
add it to my lawn you know I had like I
had like maybe you know half an acre lot
I got like three acres a lawn that's a
that's a lot of law much work too much
more whoo-whoo Mo's election specific
yeah dad daddy's not good with a lot
more I'm not gonna let me use power
tools even Oh absorber no father to us
for lightening fish make good fertilizer
so if they did die you guys that's not a
good reference photo but this is a photo
of it on Fenway you work the Red Sox
January 2001 at Fenway Park I set down
with previous thirty-year heads ground
keeper mr. Joe Mooney to discuss the
nuances of Fenway Joe said David if it
rained it really rains hard the dugouts
flood because the crown in the old field
I wasn't surprised because I had seen
that before Milwaukee County Stadium he
then say if it really really rains hard
the antiquated City storm drains will
back up and water will come out of the
Marine manhole covers and Fenway's
concourse and then flood the concourse
if it really really really rains hard
the first base camera pit will fill up
with water and the fish from the Charles
River a mile away will swim through the
city drain pipes and swim into the
camera pit and then swim out onto the
field I said wow mr. Mooney that's wild
thinking he was pulling my leg I went
home and told my wife you won't believe
the stories that mr. Mooney tells
fast-forward to April
Friday night before the Red Sox home
opener on Monday the overnight forecast
was for two to three inches of rain so
we put the tarp on the infield when the
rain stopped early Saturday morning we
would receive almost three inches of
rain I walked behind the home plate
towards a Red Sox dugout to check the
conditions of the warning warning track
and I couldn't believe my eyes when I
looked I saw a fish laying on the grass
I looked around for Joe thinking it put
a great prank on me pulled a great prank
on me but I didn't see him anywhere I
walked over to the camera pit and sure
enough it was full of water I turned
around to look towards the infield I saw
seven more fish between the camera pit
and second base in my rush to get the
tarp off now sunny skies and get ready
for my first Red Sox opener I
unfortunately threw all the fish away I
have wished since then I could have
saved the fish and had them display for
my office my home and for Joe but at
least I made time to take this
photo and since then I've had it hanging
on my office wall Joe one of my favorite
words is vindication that's meditation
that answered every question that you
asked me which I couldn't you know Alice
put my foot it's not Joe
you know that's why you laugh when
people say oh that's it makes the shit
how could I make this shit up if that
makes sense it makes sense so it's so
close to the Charles River make sense
yeah like a mile away right Oh
unbelievable Fenway Park is about a mile
away from the river
yeah I'd say you're absolutely right
yeah cuz there's because it comes around
down by the old Sears Roebuck stood is a
part of it that goes through there too
amazing right that's crazy that is crazy
Wow covered a lot of shit so we end
there yeah might as well
vindications all the best I love you
brother thank you so much always a
pleasure
oh it's bicep laughs my pleasure again
die time you're an Aries
maybe we'll get my machine please
Jillian maybe I'll look as good a show
guitar that fucking Gravitron dad
everybody mind me asking about that
[Music]